How is that possible?
It seems that your rights are no more than that
I'm really a little disappointed
Well, the game should be over
What do you want?
Just practice qi and run out of wine
The deity wants to kill you
Like pinching an ant to death
This young uncle will lose to you, this trash
Don't be complacent
Behind is Tianzong
I am a disciple of Tianzong, if you dare to touch me, you will die
I'd like to see if they dare to stand up for you
Holy shit
The old man is still the ninth elder of Tianzong
How dare you cripple my disciple in front of this old man?
Tianzong Humph
Even the Qilin, the ancestor of Tianzong
He wouldn't dare talk to me like that.
you
Sin you to death
Are you going to cover for him?
The elder Yang Er is still young
It is not right to insult Tianzong
I also request that the elders have a large number of
Spare my Yang Er
Master must not let him go
Family Master Lin, you don't have enough noodles
Today, the old man let him fight blood sausage and take his life